{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mom SMS chatbot\
\

\f1\b 24 September 2020
\f0\b0 \
\
9:37pm : Ok, so I\'92ll start whipping up this SMS marketing bot. \
\
Using Twilio\'92s API to send texts\
\
The pipeline will look something like this:\
\
1. Person sends message (e.g., \'93DINER\'94) to the number (e..g, 73453)\
2. Their phone number is added to a database (as well as date/time of sending, and other information?)	\
3. They\'92ll get back a text? Several options: \
	- Confirmed that they\'92ll receive 10% off or whatever (depending on the promotion)\
	\
\
So, I\'92ll have to create three things probably:\
	SMS bot Python script\
	MySQL database\
	Front-end wrapper (so that, for example, Mom can just put the text that she wants to send, into a text box, and it\'92ll just work)\
\
\
Tonight, I\'92ll focus on the SMS bot Python script. I\'92ll use the one that I built before and make it more robust, as well as explore the information that I can get from the script. I\'92ll also host it on Heroku probably (and use either my email or the Jeri Lu\'92s email). \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Maybe I should make an email for just side projects?\
Now, I\'92ll create a new Twilio account\
I\'92ll shut down my old Twilio account\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
So, first things first, let me create that script. \
\
Then, I\'92ll put it into Flask\
\
Then, I\'92ll test it to see if it works\
\
Then, I\'92ll host it on Heroku\
\
10:31pm: Oh, I\'92ll look at this, since it already has all the code I need..\
\
https://github.com/TwilioDevEd/marketing-notifications-flask\
\
10:58pm: I can\'92t get one of the short codes (costs $1,500 to get one of them), so I can use a QR code and they can scan it \
\
11:09pm: Ok, I have a simple version of the app spun up, where I send them a text saying \'93thank you for subscribing\'85.\'94. \
\
	Right now, I can create a QR code that they can take a pic of the QR code and they\'92ll be subscribed to the email list. \
\
	TODO list:\
		Expand functionality of code\
		Instead of using ngrok, host in cloud\
\
Ok, it can send texts right now. What\'92s next?\
	1. Figure out how I can operate it in a testing environment (I have the login credentials for using a testing environment, but it won\'92t let me use it?)\
	2. Debug using ngrok\
	3. Host in Heroku, or create some type of frontend (see Github repo above for inspiration)\
	4. Create wrapper front-end for app\
\

\f1\b 28 September 2020
\f0\b0 \
\
6:31pm: Ok, I\'92ll continue working on the chatbot right now. \
\
TODO:\
	1. Skim Github code from Twilio, see what insights you can gain 
\f1\b done
\f0\b0 \
\
	2. Figure out way to record phone number of person\
\
		i. Get information from object that is returned\
\
			a. Get their phone number	\
			b. Get whatever they text you\
	\
			\
		ii. Store information in a database\
\
	3. Store Flask app in Heroku\
\
	4. Create wrapper front-ends that\'92ll do the following:\
		i. If you want to send a text to everyone in the DB, write the text message into a field and the script will be called and will send a text to everyone in the DB\
		ii. If you want to get information from someone (not just their phone number, but say, for example, if they want to text you something), figure out how to record it\
			e.g., you can have someone text in their order, for example\
		Implement (i) and (ii) with a front-end, host website in cloud, so Mom can use it. Add password so only authorized users can use it. \
\
	5. See if there\'92s a way to get a short phone # from Twilio (seems like there could be?)\
\
6:48pm: Ok, so let me deploy the app to Heroku first, then I can start debugging. \
\
1. Create a new account on Heroku\
2. Deploy app to Heroku. I\'92m using these resources:\
	https://stackabuse.com/deploying-a-flask-application-to-heroku/\
	https://blog.eepy.net/2020/06/14/how-to-deploy-a-flask-app-to-heroku/\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}